README.md, before:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/deanblackborough/transmute-coffee/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Minimum PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E%3D%207.1-8892BF.svg)](https://php.net/)

# Transmute Coffee

The transmute coffee website, this site gives an overview of each of my Open Source libraries and long term development projects.

## Libraries

* PHP Quill Renderer - Render quill insert deltas to HTML and Markdown.
* Random grab bag. - Utility classes that don't have a home.
* Bootstrap 4 helpers - Helpers to create Bootstrap 4 components.

## Quick start

* Docker quick start for a PHP/MySQL web app - Bootstrap to help with the setup of a PHP/MySQL web app using Docker for local 
development, this app does not do anything other than echo phpinfo() it is simply a starting point for your development.

## Zend framework libraries

* Zend View helpers. - Collection of ZF view helpers
* Zend view helpers code completion. - IDE code completion for my view helpers

## Projects

### Costs to Expect

What does it cost to raise a child in the UK?

Costs to Expect is a long-term project, my wife and I are tracking the expenses to raise our child to 
adulthood, 18.

#### Costs to Expect API

The open RESTful API for costs to expect, the website will consume the data, the iOS app and Web App are initially for entering data.

#### Costs to Expect Web app

Prototype for the iOS app, testing different designs, seeing which is the best fit for my wife.

### Dlayer

* Dlayer vNext - Migration project to ZF3.
* Dlayer - Responsive web development.

### General

* View helpers - Custom view helpers for the Dlayer project

Commit message:

New releases
* Added Holiday Expenses app.
* Updated README.
* New release, Costs to Expect API.

README.md, after:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/deanblackborough/transmute-coffee/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Minimum PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E%3D%207.1-8892BF.svg)](https://php.net/)

# Transmute Coffee

The transmute coffee website, this site gives an overview of each of my Open Source libraries as well as my short and
long term development projects.

## Libraries

* PHP Quill Renderer - Render quill insert deltas to HTML and Markdown.
* Random grab bag. - Utility classes that don't have a home.
* Bootstrap 4 helpers - Helpers to create Bootstrap 4 components.

## Quick start

* Docker quick start for a PHP/MySQL web app - Bootstrap to help with the setup of a PHP/MySQL web app using Docker for local 
development, this app does not do anything other than echo phpinfo() it is simply a starting point for your development.

## Zend framework libraries

* Zend View helpers. - Collection of ZF view helpers
* Zend view helpers code completion. - IDE code completion for my view helpers

## Projects

### Costs to Expect

What does it cost to raise a child in the UK?

Costs to Expect is a long-term project, my wife and I are tracking the expenses to raise our child to 
adulthood, 18.

#### Costs to Expect API

The open RESTful API for costs to expect, the website will consume the data, the iOS app and Web App are initially for entering data.

#### Costs to Expect Web app

Prototype for the iOS app, testing different designs, seeing which is the best fit for my wife.

### Holiday Expenses

Small app to interact with my Costs to Expect API to track holiday expenses.

### Dlayer

* Dlayer vNext - Migration project to ZF3.
* Dlayer - Responsive web development.

### General

* View helpers - Custom view helpers for the Dlayer project
